Improve docs on node behavior during restart (#6181)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/distributed-architecture/shard-allocation-relocation-recovery/delaying-allocation-when-node-leaves.md

This setting will not affect the promotion of replicas to primaries, nor will it affect the assignment of replicas that have not been assigned previously. In particular, delayed allocation does not come into effect after a full cluster restart. Also, in case of a master failover situation, elapsed delay time is forgotten (i.e. reset to the full initial delay).
::::

> If the node is being [restarted gracefully](https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/doc/elasticsearch/v8/operation/operation-shutdown-put-node), the `allocation_delay` parameter passed in `PUT /_nodes/{node_id}/shutdown` might override this setting if set to a longer value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the node is being [restarted gracefully]({{es-apis}}/v8/operation/operation-shutdown-put-node), the `allocation_delay` parameter passed in `PUT /_nodes/{node_id}/shutdown` might override this setting if set to a longer value.
```

> If the node is being [restarted gracefully](https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/doc/elasticsearch/v8/operation/operation-shutdown-put-node), the `allocation_delay` parameter passed in `PUT /_nodes/{node_id}/shutdown` might override this setting if set to a longer value.

Reviewer 2: Suggest adding more detail for clarity (specifying the setting that might be overriden), maybe something like:

```suggestion
During a [graceful node shutdown]({{es-apis}}/v8/operation/operation-shutdown-put-node), the value of the `allocation_delay` parameter might keep unassigned replica allocation back longer than the value of `index.unassigned.node_left.delayed_timeout` would on its own, if the allocation delay is longer than the timeout.
```

Author: Done, thanks!
